---
title: "PyPodcats 10th Episode"
meta_title: "PyPodcats 10th Episode"
description: "Celebrating our 10th episode."
date: 2025-09-22T05:00:00Z
categories: ["Blog Post",]
author: "Mojdeh"
tags: ["python", "community", "women in tech", "women in Python", "women in open source","python underrespresnted groups"]
draft: false
image: "/images/EP19-Una-podcast-cov.gif"
---

Celebrate our 10th episode with us by listening to Una Galyeva's story!


 ```[text]
 I think I tried almost all. I was only mentioning that I didn't try PhD yet.
 Working for myself, working for someone else, starting my own company, growing my own company, selling my own company.
 ```

In this episode Una shares with us a bit about her self, her relocation to Amsterdam and her career journey. 

```[text]
I relocated to Amsterdam 11 years ago. So I think that was the love from the first sight.

I am talking about Amsterdam, not about a person.
```

Starting as a exectutive director in Netherlands and changing to freelancer, Una shares with us the benefits and challenges of becoming a freelancer in a new country and how to navigate those challenges. 
She later shares with us her recent experience in job search for high positions and salary negotions, and hiring cultural differences. 


Reviving PyLadies Amsterdam 7 years ago, Una shares with us why she thought there is a need for anotehr meetup and how to make PyLadies Amasterdam different and useful to the community by focusing on creating inclusive workshops and fostering a supportive environment for underrepresented groups in tech. She emphasizes hands-on learning, community building, and encouraging women to take leadership roles.


Listening to Una, seeing her adaptability, resiliance, her work as a community leader and how she maintains a clear vision for her career and community goals. I was fasciniated and really happy to be able to bring you all this episode. 


It took the whole village to bring you this episode. Thanks to Mariatta, Cheuk, Georgi, Tereza, and Una. 

If you liked what we created and want more, consider donating on our [👉Open Collective Platform](https://opencollective.com/pypodcats). With your support and donation, we will be able to continue producing our podcast. 

To know more about our finances and what it takes to run a podcast like ours, check our [financial info](/about/financials/) page.

Last but not least I would like to end this blog with Una's word why you shouldnt miss this episode: 

```[text]
I'm Una from PyLadies Amsterdam and if you're interested to learn what is
the connection between cubes in the air sensor fusion and
going from nothing to something then listen to this PyPodcats.
```

